1	Have you eaten today? What did you have for breakfast?
1	I don't have any teeth. How often do you floss your teeth?
1	How many steps have you done today? Do you think it is over 5000?
1	I know Tia-Chi and practice it often. What sport do you like? Do you play it often?
1	Do you enjoy exercise? Have you climbed 5 flights of stairs today?
1	What healthy food you like? Have you cooked and eaten a healthy meal in the last 24 hours?
1	I heard fried food is delicious. But so bad for you. Do you like fried food? What is your favourite? Have you eaten fried food in the last 24 hours?
1	Have you paid your rent for the last month? Do you find it expensive?
1	Have you paid your utilities for the last month? Do you find it expensive?
1	How offten do you usually go grocery shopping?
1	Are you planning to go out for a meal today? Where would you go if you did?
1	Are you planning to cook a meal today? Is there something you like or dislike about cooking?
1	Are you planning to buy groceries in the next few days? What do you think you will buy?
1	Are you planning to have lunch today? And if so, what do you plan to eat?
1	Are you planning to have dinner today? And if so, what do you plan to eat?
2	If you had to teach someone one thing, what would you teach and to whom would you teach it?
2	How do you react when you encounter a homeless person?
2	If you could spend 15 minutes with anyone, living or dead, who would it be? Why?
2	If you had unlimited resources, how would you live your life?
2	What do you want your life to look like in 5 years? Do you have a plan to get there?
2	If today was the last day of your life, what would you want to do?
2	Where would you like to live? Why haven’t you moved?
2	When is the last time you saw your best friend? Are you planning to go out with your best friend this week?
2	Have you been to the movies recently? What did you see? Was it good?
2	Have you ever been to the theatre to see the ballet, an opera or musicals? What was your favourite? If you haven't gone, would you like to go?
2	Have you played any interesting video games recently? If so, what were they? I like anything with dancing.
2	Have you participated in any social events in the past week? What was it? Did you enjoy the event?
2	Have you met any new people recently? Do you enjoy meeting new people?
2	Have you read any interesting books lately? What is your favourite book of all time?
3	My sister is Leia. We used to live together but now I live in a new building. Do you live with your parents or siblings?
3	What bad habits do you want to break?
3	What drives you to do better at something?
3	If your entire life was a movie, what title would best fit?
3	How would you describe yourself in 5 words?
3	My favourit band is daft punk, Who is your favourite band and how long have you been listening to them?
3	What is your favourite song? Why do you like it?
3	My favourite subject is human psychology so I can understand people. What was your favourite subject in school?
3	What is your current occupation? Mine is just being a robot.
3	I was born in France. Where were you born?
3	Do you live in the city? Where you prefer to live? City or county?
3	Where would be your favourite place to live and why?
3	What is your favourite past-time activity?
3	My name is Luke, What is your name? Do you like your name?
3	I am almost two years old. How old are you? When is your birthday? 
